feat(ccache): parse stats from ccache -v -v -s text output (#274)
bitrise-io/bitrise-build-cache-cli: docs/ccache.md

func (c *Client) PutCcacheInvocation(inv CcacheInvocation) error
```

`ParseCcacheStats` parses the text output of `ccache -v -v -s`. It is line-by-line: indent depth (2 spaces = 1 level) builds a section path like `"Cacheable calls / Hits / Direct"`, which is dispatched to the matching `CcacheStats` field. `CacheHitRate` and `TotalCalls` are derived after parsing. Always returns `nil` error.

> `CcacheStats.HasActivity()` returns true when `DirectCacheHit + PreprocessedCacheHit + CacheMiss > 0`. Used by `StorageHelper.CollectAndSendStats` to gate analytics.

Reviewer: [bitrise-plugin-ai-reviewer]: docs/ccache.md:172:0:752879c5
<!-- Incorrect documentation in docs/ccache.md at line 172: HasActivity() condition is wrong. Should check CacheableCalls + UncacheableCalls > 0, not DirectCacheHit + PreprocessedCacheHit + CacheMiss > 0. -->
[//]: # ([skip ci])

**🐛 Bug**

The documentation incorrectly describes the HasActivity() method. According to the actual implementation in internal/ccache/analytics/types.go (lines 84-86), HasActivity() returns true when `CacheableCalls + UncacheableCalls > 0`, not when `DirectCacheHit + PreprocessedCacheHit + CacheMiss > 0`.

🔄 Suggestion:
```suggestion
`CcacheStats.HasActivity()` returns true when `CacheableCalls + UncacheableCalls > 0`. Used by `StorageHelper.CollectAndSendStats` to gate analytics.
```
